Website: 0.13 docs edits, mostly around provider requirements (#25686)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/commands/cli-config.html.markdown

origin registry for a provider is encoded in the provider's source address,
like `registry.terraform.io/hashicorp/aws`. For convenience in the common case,
Terraform allows omitting the hostname portion for providers on

> `registry.terraform.io`, so public provider addresses can be written like

Reviewer: Possible alternative `written as` ?

Author: Yeah, why not

```suggestion
`registry.terraform.io`, so public provider addresses can be written as
```

Author: Oh wait, I remember why not. It's because that's an example, not a template with placeholders, and the sentence is describing the general case. Could reword more of it, to something like: 

> ...so a public provider address of `registry.terraform.io/hashicorp/aws` can be written as `hashicorp/aws`

...but I don't think "like" is a problem. Maybe that's my west coast bias speaking, tho. 😅

Author: ```suggestion
`registry.terraform.io`, so you can write shorter public provider addresses like
```
